yo what's up everyone and welcome to a
new unboxing video with us today we got
the brand new Mass Effect trilogy for
the PlayStation 3 an awesome awesome
collection and I think that you can top
this on any platform for that matter
this is a really great game no I mean a
really great a trilogy as a whole and
you should definitely not miss out on
this I previously played the played
these games on PC and the reason for
that is because the original Mass Effect
never released on the PlayStation 3
before so this is the first release
there and yeah like you see um this pack
contains three games Mass Effect
the second one on the third one that
just released not so long ago let's open
it up and see what we get of course by
the way the packet is a pretty yeah
light weight so I'm not putting a lot of
hope into finding good manuals or
whatever but we'll see okay of course
some really cool pop-up effect it got
Shepard there on the front
Mass Effect trilogy there on the side
and on the back of course some gibberish
and different Nordic languages yeah
that's what we see okay so that's how
you take out games it's a shame that the
all the games I don't like it come in a
in a folder that you open but whatever
okay it's the first one this is funny
not to be sold separately so that's
pretty funny I don't know why they have
these so I think okay they don't want
people to go around and scam other
people or to buy this collector's
edition and then sell each game
separately let's start
with the first one of course so this is
a triple unboxing more or less got the
Mass Effect of course here and the
Shepherd in the front nothing on the
side just the name and then just some
basic yeah gibberish in Scandinavian
languages here's a disc and let's see if
we get anything exciting here
unfortunately not this is boring and
very disappointing but I mean you get
three gains for what is it 50 bucks or
something like that so you can't
complain I guess okay that was the first
one the second one includes six plus
hours of bonus missions so that's pretty
great I think there are more DLCs that
you can buy online that don't that are
not included in this what we call
trilogy so you probably will have to go
on to PSN and buy that separately of
course here's the back the side you've
already seen okay just basic disc right
there and yeah same pamphlet nothing
special that's a shame but it is what it
is and of course the third and last one
here's the front ship it again okay and
side and the back same dripper stuff
that we saw on other ones and here's the
disc and maybe just maybe something
special here okay nothing special just
an access code so this is a code for
Mass Effect 2 okay reading your code
yeah Baba okay this will give you access
for this reverse Assault gear Network
and in Mass Effect 2 I don't know why
they type Mass Effect 2 maybe it's a
type of wanna know and then you get a
downloadable contact pack for the mess
right three so I guess that's cool and
yeah I mean this was a pretty fast
unboxing that contains a lot of good
good material that you definitely want
to play so there you have it people
Mass Effect trilogy go buy it it's worth
every penny of course and yes thinking
about I mean these games together
probably will give you more than 150 or
200 hours and yeah let's say following
on Twitter and check out my portfolio
and have a nice day I guess see you
later guys